README.rst, before:

.. IMPORTANT::
   The plugins support in pysteps is only available for versions >=1.4.

Cookiecutter Pysteps-postprocessing-plugin
===========================

.. README_BEGIN_TAG

Cookiecutter template for Pysteps postprocessing plugins.
Cookiecutter_ is a command-line utility to creates python packages projects from
templates, called "cookiecutters."

.. _Cookiecutter: https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io

.. _how_plugins_work:

How do the plugins work?
========================

When the plugin is installed, it advertises the new postprocessors to other packages
(in our case, pysteps) using the python `entry points specification`_.
These new postprocessors are automatically discovered every time that the pysteps library is
imported. The discovered postprocessors are added as attributes to the postprocessing.processors module
and registered to the postprocessing.get_method interface without any user intervention.
In addition, since the plugins' installation does not modify the actual pysteps
installation (i.e., the pysteps sources), the pysteps library can be updated without
reinstalling the plugin.

.. _`entry points specification`: https://packaging.python.org/specifications/entry-points/

Quickstart
----------

Install the latest Cookiecutter::

    pip install -U cookiecutter

To generate a skeleton for a Pysteps plugin in the current folder, simply run::

    cookiecutter https://github.com/pysteps/cookiecutter-pysteps-postprocessing-plugin

The above command will prompt the user to enter the following values used to generate
a skeleton for the plugin package:

- **full_name**: Your full name.
- **email**: Your email address.
- **project_name**: The name of your new Pysteps plugin.
- **project_slug**: The namespace of your Python package.
  The name should be Python import friendly (no spaces, no hyphens, and no
  special characters).
- **project_short_description**: Short description of the plugin.
- **postprocessor_name**: Name of the module implementing the postprocessors.
- **version**: The starting version number for your project.
- **open_source_license**. Choose a license for your project.
  Options: [1. MIT License, 2. BSD license, 3. ISC license, 4. Apache Software License
  2.0, 5. GNU General Public License v3, 6. Not open source]

.. README_END_TAG

.. CREDITS_BEGIN_TAG

Credits
-------

The cookiecutter-pysteps-plugin template was adapted from the cookiecutter-pypackage_
template.

.. _cookiecutter-pypackage: https://github.com/audreyfeldroy/cookiecutter-pypackage

.. CREDITS_END_TAG

Commit message:

Updated the names from postprocessors to diagnostics

README.rst, after:

.. IMPORTANT::
   The plugins support in pysteps is only available for versions >=1.4.

Cookiecutter Pysteps-diagnostics-plugin
===========================

.. README_BEGIN_TAG

Cookiecutter template for Pysteps diagnostic postprocessing plugins.
Cookiecutter_ is a command-line utility to creates python packages projects from
templates, called "cookiecutters."

.. _Cookiecutter: https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io

.. _how_plugins_work:

How do the plugins work?
========================

When the plugin is installed, it advertises the new diagnostic postprocessors to other packages
(in our case, pysteps) using the python `entry points specification`_.
These new diagnostic postprocessors are automatically discovered every time that the pysteps library is
imported. The discovered diagnostic postprocessors are added as attributes to the postprocessing.diagnostics module
and registered to the postprocessing.get_method interface without any user intervention.
In addition, since the plugins' installation does not modify the actual pysteps
installation (i.e., the pysteps sources), the pysteps library can be updated without
reinstalling the plugin.

.. _`entry points specification`: https://packaging.python.org/specifications/entry-points/

Quickstart
----------

Install the latest Cookiecutter::

    pip install -U cookiecutter

To generate a skeleton for a Pysteps plugin in the current folder, simply run::

    cookiecutter https://github.com/pysteps/cookiecutter-pysteps-diagnostics-plugin

The above command will prompt the user to enter the following values used to generate
a skeleton for the plugin package:

- **full_name**: Your full name.
- **email**: Your email address.
- **project_name**: The name of your new Pysteps plugin.
- **project_slug**: The namespace of your Python package.
  The name should be Python import friendly (no spaces, no hyphens, and no
  special characters).
- **project_short_description**: Short description of the plugin.
- **diagnostic_name**: Name of the module implementing the diagnostic postprocessors.
- **version**: The starting version number for your project.
- **open_source_license**. Choose a license for your project.
  Options: [1. MIT License, 2. BSD license, 3. ISC license, 4. Apache Software License
  2.0, 5. GNU General Public License v3, 6. Not open source]

.. README_END_TAG

.. CREDITS_BEGIN_TAG

Credits
-------

The cookiecutter-pysteps-plugin template was adapted from the cookiecutter-pypackage_
template.

.. _cookiecutter-pypackage: https://github.com/audreyfeldroy/cookiecutter-pypackage

.. CREDITS_END_TAG
